Always I am indebted
This time
I would like to explain the composition of proteins in cells
It's protein synthesis
The
Seen in FIG. And
Here you will
First of all
This is in my shell inside the cell, but there is a double helix ena in the shell
That
First of all
The nucleotide sequence of that dna is
I have copied
To take this
10 cars
Called
The point person to in
It is this messenger rna that does the work to do
messenger rna has a sequence of dna
Take on 4
It is a copy machine
Transcribe
Get out of each
The one that was transcribed in
There is a long base sequence though
This is the ribosome
Proteins are synthesized in the ribosome
First of all, the messenger rna
Enter the ribosome
In a
There is an amino acid written here.
The say amino acids
Three
With postponement
thing
Standing
It is an amino acid
that
Toka valine
It is written
A friend of skill
There are various amino acids though
All three people have base sequences.
The amino acid is
transfer
by rna
This also goes into the ribosome
so
This messenger lane
It has been transferred N from na
things and
Will stick here that with amino acids three base sequences
I will stick three at a time in succession
In which it united
protein
Will be the wind that
is not it
First of all, words are important here
messenger rna is
dna of
This base sequence
I 'm this pen to copy
It is the messenger rna that transcribes
Entering into the ribosome to in
Port-au-Prince and then to take the amino acid in the mother-in-law Affairs is the rna
is
Ikima the amino acid in lance Whirlpool sister of the ribosome
So yeah
You can combine Dr. Pan with the messenger and the lancer, but this one
To
Main vein
Is called
Econo in Desun
It is a house plant ne
This way of going and each
name
Because you are asked often to test, such as the Tteyuu I would like to remember it this time